- eliminate minor code duplication: we are running dlsym() for a second
time inside do_fopen_or_freopen_or_open() (after we have already done so in
init()).

- rethink support for *at() functions.

- make *at() wrappers honor the preference set in in_case_of_failure;
currently, they all fail if they can't derive the correct path using
make_abs_path_from_dirfd_relpath().

- Reimplement libtrash using partition-specific trash cans. This has always
been the number one feature request. It would put an end to the lengthy file
copy operations which occur whenever GLOBAL_PROTECTION is set to YES and a
large file outside of the partition on which the user's home directory
resides is deleted. This is a major change, and I am afraid it will have to
wait until I have some spare time.

Currently I plan to have a "Trash" directory beneath each mount point, and
populate it with user-specific trash cans which will only be
readable/removeable by their owners. All the different trash cans belonging
to a user (one on each mounted partition) will be connected through symbolic
links to points inside a "Trash" directory in that user's home dir,
something which will be done by a small script which runs when the system
boots. That same script will also create the "Trash" directories beneath
each mount point (because, as a rule, root privileges will be necessary to
do that).

Some people wrote that symbolic links are too "fragile": eg, "what if mount
points are changed? Then the links in the users' trash directories will
become dangling symlinks". However, others pointed out (convincingly, IMHO)
that in a production system mount points won't be changing on regular basis,
and that after a reboot everything will once again be working correctly.

Feedback on this issue is welcome; however, code contributions are even more
so... :-)

- Allow the user to define IGNORE_USERS: a list of usernames for which
libtrash is disabled. This was suggested by Frederic Connes and it would be
useful, eg, for daemons.

- Allow a maximum file size limit to be defined for "global protection"
operations. That way the user would be able to tell libtrash to ignore (ie,
really delete) files which reside on a partition different from the one in
which her home dir is located if she fears that copying that file would be
too slow. This was suggested by Raik Lieske, and would be a a nice thing to
have until libtrash gets partition-specific trash cans.

